# Seo Assignment
Prior to this lesson I wasn't too familiar with SEO and how it is used to increase organic web traffic to your site. SEO is the process of optimizing your website to generate more organic and free traffic from the search engine result pages. This process allows you to target users that already searching for you, or are in the market for a product, or information on your website.

When using a search engines the top results are typically paid ads, then local results, and followed by organic SEO listings. While ads can be effective, SEO is completely free and allows search engines to rank your page based on the value your website provides their users. Ultimately, if you want to rank higher than your competitors - your website's content needs to be accessible and useful to its users.

Search engine users are actively searching for solutions to their problems, and adding keywords to your website can help provide those solutions. Keywords should be chosen based on the users intent, as well relevance, volume and competitiveness these keywords brings to your website.  


Once more relevant content is added to my website I would ideally implement SEO by performing keyword research by using tools to gain insight into what potential visitors are looking for. I would also use long-tail keywords, as shorter words can be more competitive. After my keyword research i would plan my website's structure/architecture to create a more proper and logical site structure that is easy to follow, promotes longer visits, and provides a better user experience. When planning my website's structure I would think about mobile first and ensure that my website was responsive and user friendly, as half of website visits are from mobile users. Once my website is responsive, I would then focus on the speed of my page, since that site rankings could be heavily impacted by the page speed. To improve my page's speed I would remove any unused JavaScript, defer offscreen images so that the image only loads when the user scrolls to see them, eliminate render blocking resources, ensure my code files were in the correct order, and minify extra code. Lastly I would optimize any on-page indexable elements by writing custom meta tags, and adding text descriptions.
